That day!
Aunt Zuo has come to Kyoto
Do you want to find him?
day day
Sister, what's the matter with you?
Go, go.
Hurry up oh yes yes yes
Ruirui Ruirui
Make leather blankets for the face
The child has fallen asleep
What's wrong with him?
Allergic
What did he eat today?
Hey, there's only food left
The sweet and sour fish that Xiaoshuai ate today
He is also allergic to
also
Full of resonance
I really don't know what to say about them.
Fate or what?
But Rarity
I didn't have a fever or vomiting before
Symptoms have appeared
Villains and Manchu are asymptomatic allergies.
The world is only a few thousand miles away
Tell me if it's not full
I couldn't even notice he was allergic
According to Manchu
During an allergy attack
It was excruciating.
It hurts.